Before we wrap up this section on working with the organization in GitHub,
I wanted to go over some of the more destructive aspects of managing your organization.
First, let's look at people. When we look at our people, we have the option of
kicking people out; so I can select a user and then change the role.
I can convert to an outside contributor, which means this person's
no longer a part of the organization, but is allowed to make contributions,
or I can remove from this organization.
For now, I'll leave this person as part of the organization,
but I wanted to show you where you would go to manage that role.
Also, you could click on "Manage access" for a particular user,
and then click on "Remove from organization". Great, now let's click on "Teams".
As a member of any of the teams, you can leave a team,
and if you are an owner of the organization, you can always rejoin a team.
If I click on a team, I can click into settings, and I have the option to delete a team.
I'm going to leave this team intact, but I wanted to show you where you would go
to delete the team in the case that you needed to.
Finally, I'm going to go into settings, and if I scroll all the way down,
there are a couple options that I want to point out.
One is, I have the option to rename the organization.
Renaming the organization is something that has significant repercussions,
so I would be very cautious about doing this.
I'm going to leave this as is, so I'm going to x out of this,
and also, at the bottom of the settings page, I have the option to delete the organization.
Again, I'm going to have to type the name of the organization as a confirmation.
Again, I'm going to x out of this, since I want to keep this organization for later workflows.
Additionally, if I go to my user's profile settings and scroll down,
I have an option for organizations. From this level, I can also leave the organization.
And, like before, I can go directly to the organization from here
or I can click under organization settings, which would also land me on
the organization specific profile page for editing,
which would also allow me to delete the organization or rename it.